>> Jon Kuperman: For this exercise, we're
just doing a mark and measure, right?
So we've got this mark and
measure js file.
So let me open my dev tools.
Got mark-and-measure.js.
It really just waits for the window
to load, runs a random function.
That function just hits that API that
we hit earlier, JSONs the results and
then console.logs all of them, right?
[LAUGH] So if we look in the console,
we see these things.
So what we wanna know is how
long did this take to go?
And so I would encourage you
to do it two different ways.
One, put some date times in this file and
calculate them like we did in the slides
and then do a performance mark.
You should see the same calculation, but
also when you do it with performance mark,
check the performance tab, cuz you should
be able to see a really cool UI for that.
So yeah, we'll take a little break.
And then we'll come back, and
we'll do it all together.